# Algorithm
Studing algorithm just for fun!

| Index | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|-------| ----- | -------- | ---------- |


1. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/

2. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/

3. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-data-in-log-files/

4. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/most-common-word/

5. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/

6. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/

7. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

8. Hard
https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/

9. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/

10. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/

11. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/

12. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/

13. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/

14. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/

15. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/

16. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/

17. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/

18. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/

19. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list-ii/

20. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/

21. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicate-letters/

22. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/

23. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-stack-using-queues/

24. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/

25. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/design-circular-queue/

26. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/design-circular-deque/

27. Hard
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/

28. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap/

29. 
https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/

30.
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/

31
https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/

32.
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/

33. Letter Combinations of a Phone Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/

34. Permutations
https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/

35. Combinations
https://leetcode.com/problems/combinations/

36. Combination Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum/

37. Subsets
https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/

38. Reconstruct Itinerary
https://leetcode.com/problems/reconstruct-itinerary/

39. Course Schedule
https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule/

40. Network Delay Time
https://leetcode.com/problems/network-delay-time/

41. Cheapest Flights Within K Stops
https://leetcode.com/problems/cheapest-flights-within-k-stops/

42. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/

43. Diameter of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/

44. Longest Univalue Path
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-univalue-path/

45. Invert Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/

46. Merge Two Binary Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-binary-trees/

47. Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/

48. Balanced Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/

49. Minimum Height Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-height-trees/

50. Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/

51. Binary Search Tree to Greater Sum Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-to-greater-sum-tree/

52. Range Sum of BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/

53. Minimum Distance Between BST Nodes
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes/

54. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/

55. Kth Largest Element in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array/

56. Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)
https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-trie-prefix-tree/

57. Palindrome Pairs
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-pairs/

58. Sort List
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/

59. Merge Intervals
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/

60. Insertion Sort List
https://leetcode.com/problems/insertion-sort-list/

61. Largest Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number/

62. Valid Anagram
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/

63. Sort Colors
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/

64. K Closest Points to Origin
https://leetcode.com/problems/k-closest-points-to-origin/

65. Binary Search
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/

66. Search in Rotated Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/

67. Intersection of Two Arrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays/

68. Two Sum II - Input array is sorted
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/

69. Search a 2D Matrix II
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix-ii/

70. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/

71. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/hamming-distance/

72. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-two-integers/

73. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/utf-8-validation/

74. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/

75. Hard
https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/

76. Hard
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/

77. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/

78. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/

79. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/queue-reconstruction-by-height/

80. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/task-scheduler/

81. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/gas-station/

82. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/assign-cookies/

83. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/

84. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/different-ways-to-add-parentheses/

85. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/

86. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/

87. Easy
https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/

88. Medium
https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/











